# Resolutions

I will keep calling the file resolutions, even though it now is more of themes in which I set quarterly goals.
This way, I aim to make it easier for myself what to focus on each quarter and also not think that there is a lot of the year to get around to do anything.

## Overview

In 2025, I will strive to do work in the following themes:

1. **Sustainability**: Wikimedians for Sustainable Development and the Office of Carbon Omission.
1. **Openness advocay**: Open By Default, Govdirectory, Wikipediapodden and a new book project.
1. **Learning**: German, climate change, artificial intelligence.
1. **Health**: Running, hiking and eating healthy.
1. **Documentation**: Provide continuous updates here (🟢/🟡/🔴 stand for good/ intermediate/ bad progress, relative to the completion of each goal) and quarterly posts on [my blog](https://ainali.com) with a summary of my activities and the progress with respect to the goals below, including thoughts on and into the future.

Always respecting my [pledges](https://github.com/Ainali/pledges).

## Themes

### Sustainability

#### Wikimedians for Sustainable Development

* Q1: Create a great yearly report. Draft decision-making process.
* Q2: Establish decision-making process.
* Q3: Make podcast about charts and SVG efforts.
* Q4: Follow up on all other annual goals and nudge them towards completion.

#### Office of Carbon Omission

* Q1: Generalize the landing page and move the form to a "library" of actions.
* Q2: Add more ideas to the library (at least burning, fireworks and public transport).
* Q3: Marketing: set up social media account(s), podcast, video introduction.
* Q4: Publish an op-ed on the theme of OCO.

### Openness advocay

#### Open By Default

* Q1: Set up a VPS for using open source tools.
* Q2: Establish Fediverse presence.
* Q3: Add more details on offered services on the website.
* Q4: Learn about and deploy (locally) an open source AI model.

#### Govdirectory

* Q1: Publish previously submitted fund applications and add a funding.json file.
* Q2: Inventorize question types and classify them.
* Q3: Research what framework we could use for the questions.
* Q4: Refine funding ask.

#### Wikipediapodden

* Q1: 12 episodes published.
* Q2: 11 episodes published. Get access to and start using an automated editing tool.
* Q3: 13 episodes published.
* Q4: 14 episodes published.

#### Book project

* Q1: Research.
* Q2: Full outline and key section done.
* Q3: Write one chapter.
* Q4: Book proposal done.

### Learning

#### German

* Q1: Find a good app alternative to Duolingo.
* Q2: Get a good grammar book.
* Q3: Finish the grammar book.
* Q4: Reach B1 level in the CERF scale.

#### Climate change

* Q1: Pass the course Climate Leadership in the Private Sector
* Q2: Pass the course Design of Circular AI-Based Services
* Q3: -
* Q4: -

#### Artificial intelligence

* Q1: -
* Q2: Pass the course Design of Circular AI-Based Services
* Q3: -
* Q4: Learn about and deploy (locally) an open source AI model.

### Health

#### Running and hiking

The overall target is 5 km running every second day.
Hiking is counted with a third of the distance.
For example, a 15 km hike equals a 5 km run.
Below are distance milestones if I am on track.

* Q1: 225 km
* Q2: 452.5 km
* Q3: 682.5 km
* Q4: 912.5 km

#### Eating

Here I am using the Daily Dozen app to track my food intake.
In it, one can score 0-24 each day.
In 2024, I averaged 17.99, so I'll aim for 19 in 2025

* Q1: 19
* Q2: 19
* Q3: 19
* Q4: 19

## History

The resolutions of:

* [2024](2024.md)
* [2021](2021.md)
